Fix analytics.js plugin section (#6533)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/index.md

| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `before`      | Executes before event processing begins. These are plugins that run before any other plugins run. Thrown errors here can block the event pipeline. Source middleware added via `addSourceMiddleware` is treated as a `before` plugin. |
| `enrichment`  | Executes as the first level of event processing. These plugins modify an event. Thrown errors here can block the event pipeline. |
| `destination` | Executes as events begin to pass off to destinations. Segment.io is implemented as a destination plugin. Thrown errors here will _not_ block the event pipeline. |
| `after`       | Executes after all event processing completes. You can use this to perform cleanup operations. |

> | `utility`     | Executes only _once_ during the analytics.js bootstrap. Gives you access to the analytics instance via the plugin's `load()` method. This does not allow you to modify events. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `utility`     | Executes _only once_ during the analytics.js bootstrap. Gives you access to the analytics instance via the plugin's `load()` method. This doesn't allow you to modify events. |
```
